# Fraight Employee Handbook

## 1. Attendance Policy

### 1.1 Vacation and Sick Time

Fraight has a 5 week PTO policy.

All PTO requests must be requested in advance using Gusto. There may be occations when a manager cannot approve PTO because of the needs of the team. For example, if an entire team is out at once, the company won't work. It also won't be possible to take 5 weeks off at once, except in some exceptional case. We will try to approve requests. To help us manage this, give us as much lead time as possible.

Once approved, add to your google calendar (as an all day event) and invite your manager.

If you’re sick and need to take time off let your manager know as soon as possible and put it on your calendar. We currently don't count sick days. If you're sick, stay home. Don't get everyone else sick. If you're up for working, work from home. If you need to see a doctor, go to the doctor. Health is priority 1.

Fraight also provides leaves of absences for the following: (1) family care, medical, and military family leave; (2) pregnancy leave; (3) disability leave; (4) personal leave for compelling/urgent reasons; and (5) leave for other legally required absences (i.e. jury duty). Reach out to Human Resources should any of these situations arise.

Absences due to illnesses or injuries that qualify under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) will not be counted against an employee’s attendance record. Medical documentation within the guidelines of the FMLA may be required in these instances.

### 1.2 Holidays

<!-- We value time with your familial obligations TK TK TK TK  -->
<!-- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_holidays_in_the_United_States#Holiday_listing_as_paid_time_off -->

Fraight provides full time employees time off for the following holidays:

- MLK Day
- Memorial Day
- Independence Day
- Labor Day
- Thanksgiving
- Day after Thanksgiving
- Christmas Day
- New Years Day

### Operating while the office is closed

Freight is moving 24/7. While loads are moving, our company is operating. This means that individual teams must impliment coverage plans that meet the needs of the business. For now, the way teams meet these needs is not prescriptive. As we grow, this will likely change. During holidays and weekends, the engineering team must keep the app running, but new software development is of course not needed. Operations must ensure that loads are correctly tracked and that exceptions are handeled.

In effect, there will be occations where you are working on the weekends and holidays. We will collectively do our best to distribute this work evently and fairly. We also want to support you in making this sustainable. Talk to us if you need something.

### 1.3 Work from Home Policy

- [] Put it on your calendar, let your manager know

<!-- The following might be too rigid -->

You must seek Manager approval at least 24 hours in advance in order to qualify for “Work from Home”. Employees that have communicated that they are 'working remotely' are expected to use a laptop computer in a WIFI-connected space. While working remotely, employees must be responsive via email, phone and Slack for the entirety of the work day (9AM-5PM or 10AM-6PM) in accordance with their respective manager.
