## 3. Dating Policy

When there are people together in a place and time, there’s romance. Its complicated at work. But, we recognize that if we ban office romances altogether, people are just going to break the rules. Instead, we need a policy that addresses some of the inherent complexities, sets ground rules, and protects everyone.

Our policy is simple. We have three rules:

### 1. Outside the Chain of Command
You cannot date anyone you supervise or are supervised by. You can’t date your boss, or your direct report. You can’t date your boss’ boss. It creates a power dynamic that can become really toxic for your relationship, both professional and personal. We never want someone to wonder, “was I not promoted because I didn’t want to go on a second date?” We never want someone to bring a work argument into their personal life, or vice versa. If you find yourself in violation of this rule, tell HR as soon as possible. We can find a solution to the problem, thought it will likely involve moving one of you. 

### 2. No Means No
Unreciprocated romantic interest isn’t comfortable for anyone. If someone isn’t interested, drop it. Requiring someone to repeat themselves about it is inappropriate and could even constitute harassment, depending on the situation.

### 3. Remain Professional at Work
…


### Legal Language

Employee off-duty conduct is regarded as private as long as such conduct does not create problems within the workplace. An exception to this principle, however, is romantic or sexual relationships between supervisors/managers and their direct reports and anyone under their organizational influence. Supervisors/managers cannot be in romantic or intimate relationships with those under their organizational influence and any inappropriate behavior between supervisors/managers and their reports will result in immediate remedy, including possible termination.

Supervisors, managers, executives or anyone else in sensitive or influential positions must disclose to Human Resources  the existence of any relationship with another coworker that has progressed beyond a platonic friendship. This disclosure will enable Fraight to determine whether any conflict of interest exists because of the relative positions of the individuals involved. Where problems or potential risks are Fraight identified, Fraight will work with the parties involved to consider options for resolving the problem.
