## 5. Harassment Policy

You should not be harassed at work (or anywhere). Full stop. We want to create an environment where harassment does. not. take. place.

To get there, we think its important to spell out our process for dealing with it, should it take place.

### When you aren’t sure
Reality is sometimes a little complicated. Hindsight is 20/20. What might be *clearly* harassment in retrospect can be tricky to flag in the moment. Let’s say someone tells an off-color joke. It makes you uncomfortable. You want to do something, but,  the word harassment is loaded. Is that person a harasser?

Its critical to remind yourself that you have the right to a safe, respectful workspace. The fact that you’re not sure, doesn’t mean you shouldn’t do anything. If someone is making you uncomfortable, you have the right to fix it.

The moment you find yourself asking “is this harassment,” its important to start a journal. Keep dates and memories. If there are any emails, text messages, or other artifacts, reference them in your journal. This will help you and us.

You can *always* come to HR or the founder with these issues. You don’t need to be sure its harassment. We will take it seriously, and act professionally. The fact that you’re concerned means that we should be concerned.

### When you are sure
If you are being harassed, come to HR immediately. We will start a formal process of processing your complaint. We will believe you. We encourage you to bring any evidence (text messages, emails, journal entries). We will work with you to find a remedy to the problem that is appropriate. Maybe we’ll talk to the perpetrator. Perhaps they will be terminated. We might move you to a different team. The solution will vary case by case.

### How to make the space safe for everyone
We all need to be considerate of how our words and actions impact the people around us.

> more here… training, links to things to read


## Legal Language
Fraight is committed to providing a workplace free of sexual harassment (which includes harassment based on gender, pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), as well as harassment based on such factors as race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, family care or medical leave status, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal or state laws. Fraight will not tolerate harassment of employees by managers, supervisors, or co-workers. Similarly, Fraight will not tolerate harassment by its employees or non-employees with whom the Fraight employees have a business, service, or professional relationship. Fraight also will attempt to protect employees from harassment by non-employees in the workplace.

Please let your Human Resources Department know as soon as possible if you believe you are the victim of harassment or if you witness harassment. Feel free to email people@fraight.com if you would like to remain anonymous. The Human Resources Department will investigate accordingly and take necessary measures up to and including termination pending the results of the investigation. You will be protected from any retaliatory actions in response to the results of that investigation.

- [] add people@fraight.com to google apps
- [] training?
- [] zero tolerance 
