## 9. Performance

Not every job is right for everyone. It often takes work and experimentation to make things work. Sometimes a great person isn’t the right person for a role or company, and that’s OK. This section establishes norms, expectations and processes for getting it right. It also describes how we might part ways if the fit really isn’t there.

### Being in Touch
This may sound simple, or obvious, but its critical to be talking about how things are going. All to often conversations about performance and fit only happen once a problem has been identified. Its far better to be working through things before they rise to that level. Managers are encouraged to hold weekly or biweekly checkins with direct reports. Even if it feels like there’s nothing to talk about, creating a space for dialog is important so that when there is something to talk about, we have a space for it.

### Communicate Expectations Explicitly
Sometimes misunderstandings can be avoided simply by being explicit about assumptions and expectations. Perhaps you’re put on a task, and you assume you’ll have considerable support from other team members; say so. Perhaps you assume a direct report should be able to get something done before the next release; go the extra mile and say so.

Instead of saying, “I want you take on more of a leadership role” say “I’d like you to take charge of [project x].”

This isn’t the same as making a demand, far from it. Instead its a starting point for a conversation. If someone else has a very different assumption, you want to know early on. Neither one of you is right, but knowing the other person has a different mental model of the future can prevent unpleasant surprises.

### Talk about feelings in safe spaces
We spend a lot of time with each other. We care about what we do. Its perfectly normal to be occasionally frustrated, upset, or angry. Its important that these feelings aren’t the norm. Talking helps. If something’s not sitting right with you, getting it out in the open can help you not to hold on to it. Its important that you’re in a place with the other person that’s safe. Make sure you aren’t in front of other people. Make sure you both aren’t feeling defensive going in.

—
Not done.


We actively measure employee performance at Fraight in order to ensure that everyone is meeting company standards. In events of sub-par performance, your direct supervisor will inform you and will work with you to provide the tools and training required to improve your performance. If you are still unable to meet expectations, you will receive a warning from your supervisor, which will be documented and filed with Human Resources and may include a written Performance Improvement Plan (PIP).

The PIP will specify measurable goals and timelines (determined by your direct supervisor) that must be met in order to continue your employment. You will have scheduled check-ins with your direct supervisor over the course of the PIP time period to track your progress and success. In the event that the goals outlined in the Performance Improvement Plan are not met, there may be cause for termination.

### 9.1 Annual Performance Reviews

At Fraight, we conduct an annual performance review and mid-year check in for all employees. These reviews consist of a self-review, manager review, followed by a 1:1 meeting between you and your direct supervisor to discuss feedback.
