## 12. REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION (AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT)

We believe having a disability shouldn’t get in the way of doing your job, advancing in your career, or having professional opportunities. We will do everything we can to accommodate you, not just because its the law, but because its the right thing to do, and you matter to us.

If something is harder for you because you have a disability, we might be able to help in tangible ways. The first step is to talk to your manager. Schedule a meeting, and be sure to tell them in advance that this is in reference to a disability.

We also welcome feedback at all times about how Fraight can be a better company to you. We’re always learning and if something in our process is challenging for you because of a disability, we might want to change our process.

### Legal Language

Fraight complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act.

The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended, is a federal anti-discrimination law which prohibits private employers, state and local governments, employment agencies and labor unions from discriminating against qualified individuals with disabilities in job application procedures, hiring, firing, advancement, compensation, job training and other terms, conditions and privileges of employment. This law (covering employers with 15 or more employees) is designed to remove barriers which prevent qualified individuals with disabilities from enjoying the same employment opportunities that are available to persons without disabilities. When an individual's disability creates a barrier to employment opportunities, the ADA requires employers to consider whether a reasonable accommodation could remove the barrier.
